please state your name for the record
Daniel ocean you have been implicated
and over a dozen have a confidence kings
and frauds what do you think you would
do if released I don't know how much do
you guys make a year it's never been
done before one a knock over to see
three casinos you gotta be nuts exactly
this place houses a security system that
rivals most nuclear missile silos a
smash and grab job huh slightly more
complicated than that oh yeah you'd need
at least a dozen guys doing a
combination of content on it do it don't
you think do you think we need one more
do you think we need one more all right
we'll get one more we're just supposed
to walk out of there with a 150 thousand
dollars in cash without getting stopped
yeah
it'll be nice working with proper
villains again - one two check your
batteries now they tell me that I paid
my debt to society funny I never got a
check scared he's suicidal
congratulations here a dead man he'll
kill you and then I'll go to work on you
someone call for a doctor
now comes a girl you're a thief and a
liar I only lied about being a thief why
do this because the house always wins
unless when that perfect hand comes
along you bet big and then you take the
house in practicing sp-10 a little bit
that I rush it fell again I was good I
liked your either anything you're out
right now
[Music]